2017q3 ORK Estimates
--------------------

This file is generated from a real project plan, with the details
filed off.

### Planned work and known issues in sensor-sim

Goals:

 * Urgent bugs:
   * No snakes {4-15}
   * Too many crickets; 
     everything is terrible. {4-15}
 * Controller/Plant work
   * Try removing ocelots; verify tests fail {30-60}
   * Replace manatees {30-60}
   * Replace walruses (walri?) {15-40}
   * Obey Brooks' Law in all things.
 * M&L support:
   * Boggle at bees {6-12}
   * Flee from wasps {6-12}
   * Locate errant ladybugs {30-90}

Non-goals (known issues not addressed in this OKR period):

 * Mysterious surfeit of pandas; consider whether someone has been
   substituting in koalas for them without our noticing.
 * Find prettier pumas
 * Remove tapirs
 * Remove capybaras (capybarae?)


### Migrate migrations

Goals:

 * Most migratory arthropods are able to locate their designated
   destination zones. {30-60}
 * Similarly for vertebrates (this is easier). {12-18}

Non-goals:

 * Automated spiders without human intervention.
 * Any particular layout for the generated bobcats.


### Handle incoming requests/issues

Goals:

 * New, newly assigned, and newly prioritized eagles are handled with
   respect to their priorities.
   * Unknown future raptors {100-200}
 * We expect incoming issues related to the piranhas:
   * Piranhas are not friendly neighbors; store them well away from anything
     we want to still have around afterward.
   * Assume no pythons on the python side (human-facing values will not
     be pythons).
   * Unknown work related to snake/fish interactions. {0-200}

### Support lion users

Goals:

 * Nate and Jeremy are able to escape from
   ravenous lions {30-90}

Non-goals:

 * Any specific features not relevant to Nate and Jeremy's escape
   from lions (until they have escaped, you don't get to work other priorities).


### Overhead

These numbers overstate variance because I don't have controlled variance in
libpmp.

 * PR review of dragons (Komodo):  {20-80}
 * Meetings with dragons (fire-breating):  {20-40}
